Add doc about lazy pulling and eStargz (#3322)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/advanced/_index.md

systemctl disable nm-cloud-setup.service nm-cloud-setup.timer
reboot
```

# Enabling Lazy Pulling of eStargz (Experimental)

## What's lazy pulling and eStargz?

> Throughout the container lifecycle, pulling images is known as one of the time-consuming steps in the container lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulling images is known as one of the time-consuming steps in the container lifecycle.
```

According to [Harter, et al.](https://www.usenix.org/conference/fast16/technical-sessions/presentation/harter),

> pulling packages accounts for 76% of container start time, but only 6.4% of that data is read

> For solving this issue, k3s experimentally supports *lazy pulling* as a method of pulling images.
> This allows k3s to start a container without waiting for the completion of pulling the entire image.
> Instead, the necessary chunks of contents (e.g. individual files) are fetched on-demand. 
> Especially for large images, this technique can shorten the container startup latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address this issue, k3s experimentally supports *lazy pulling* of image contents.
This allows k3s to start a container before the entire image has been pulled.
Instead, the necessary chunks of contents (e.g. individual files) are fetched on-demand. 
Especially for large images, this technique can shorten the container startup latency.
```

> For enabling lazy pulling, the target image needs to be formatted as [*eStargz*](https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter/blob/v0.6.4/docs/stargz-estargz.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable lazy pulling, the target image needs to be formatted as [*eStargz*](https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter/blob/v0.6.4/docs/stargz-estargz.md).
```

This is an OCI-alternative but 100% OCI-compatible image format for lazy pulling.
Because of the compatibility, eStargz can be pushed to standard container registries (e.g. ghcr.io) as well as this is *still runnable* even on eStargz-agnostic runtimes.

> eStargz is developed based on [stargz format proposed by Google CRFS project](https://github.com/google/crfs) but comes with practical features including content verification and performance optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eStargz is developed based on the [stargz format proposed by Google CRFS project](https://github.com/google/crfs) but comes with practical features including content verification and performance optimization.
```

For more details about lazy pulling and eStargz, please refer to [Stargz Snapshotter project repository](https://github.com/containerd/stargz-snapshotter).

## Configure k3s for lazy pulling of eStargz

As shown in the following, `--snapshotter=stargz` option is needed for k3s server and agent.

```
k3s server --snapshotter=stargz
```

> With this configuration, you can perform lazy pulling for eStagz-formatted images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this configuration, you can perform lazy pulling for eStargz-formatted images.
```

Author: Thank you for the review. Fixed.
